#### Description:
In my project "Farming Simulator Game", I decided to do something slightly different than the nature of the past problem sets, while still utilizing the knowledge I've gianed from them, of course. I made a simple yet fun game using python that allows you to build your way up as a farmer with only $9, to eventually afford quicker means of farming, and even buy your own house by the end of the game! The game utilizes various concepts we've learned throughout the course such as conditionals, loops, and libraries. The game starts with a welcoming menu for you to decide which action to take first: planting, shopping, checking your balance, or quitting (please don't quit immediately 😢), and if you go for planting, you will be able to make a choice between 5 different fruits, with different time needed, cost, and payouts for each! But don't get too greedy when you're just starting out, because most a good amount of them will be out of your reach (for now!). Of course, nothing beats checking your wallet after a long day of hardwork and getting your paycheck! You can check your balance and see how much it adds up to now.
This game makes use of the unique time library to add unique waiting time for each fruit that you try to plant, and the longer the wait time is, the more rewarding it will be, but fear not! You can eventually buy a speed-up perk that decently decrease the waiting time needed. Not enough? It will also unlock another speed-up perk that is twice as expensive but way greater in value! (I made sure it isn't accessible until the first one is bought.)
The navigation between the menus is pretty seamless and doesn't feel choppy. The menu will accommodate for inputs with inadequate capitalization thanks to the .capitalize() string method. If the input is still incorrect, the program will instead reprompt the user until they enter one of the expect inputs within the list. The game could've easily been done without the usage of OOP. After all, the farm is a one-instance thing, but I wanted to utilize Week 8's knkowledge with the setters and the getters. The program makes usage of the sys library as well so the user can quit whenever they're done with the game (although buying the house is the objectively better way to end the game!). I also made use of the library colored_print, which allows for printing colored statements on the screen! I made use of the color red whenever losing money and green for earning to make it feel more satisfying, as well as blue here and there to make the menus more pleasant to look at. I used just one file: project.py for the program to keep things compact, and test_project.py to run some test cases on it to make sure it's working as expected. In this project, it was a fun challenge to see how you can create a playable game that lasts for more than a few seconds with nothing but lines of codes!
